1. Input Sources
What types of "chaos" does SprintCOO receive? Examples:

list of tasks related to projects, the file is a .txt or .csv
the file is located inside the 'google drive' of the user/ceo
the folder containing the files is named 4COO

example file attached tasks-urgent-06jan.txt


2. The Triage System
When SprintCOO categorizes incoming items, what are the possible buckets?

Execute autonomously
Delegate to agent
Requires human decision
Are there other categories?
for now, only these 3 categories

3. Specialized Agents
What specialized agents does it delegate to? Are these:
External services/APIs
Internal automation scripts
Human tasks are added to a google sheet  
and the user/ceo receive an alert about an updateeam members with specific roles?
the user/ceo using the APP handle these tasks
the user/ceo will add agents
And the 'digital coo' can also create an agent for content generating tasks 
the 'digital coo' will maintain a list of these agent with, if the agent was generated byt the 'digital coo' , a readme.md file will explain what the agent do exactly with infos on what need to be edited to use this agent outside the scope of the 'digital coo'
the users/ceo can execute Javascript scripts on their local machine on node.js. 
if the scope of a human taks can be done with a javascript, the 'digital coo' will generate the script and send an update alert to the user/ceo

4. User Interface
What does the user (the CEO/strategic thinker) see and interact with?
A dashboard showing what's happening
A queue of items needing their attention
A list of Reports about the tasks done and those that need attention

5. MVP Scope
For the first version, what's the minimum we need to demonstrate this orchestration concept?

the 'digital coo' will probably find a lot of missing information in the first submission
the 'digital coo' proactively organise the tasks with a long term vision
by generating google sheets for the handling of the progress of each tasks
and also by generating a state of the art structure to store the input and output documents and files

A nice dashboard showing the progress and the taks that need attention immediatly
+ if some taks had some error types of event, it should provide a notice about what happen, when, and what the 'digital coo' did or tried to do to remedy the issue

the main focuse is to help the ceo/user to knows what he need to do next, delegate or handle a specific tasks
the more the 'digital coo' can handle , the more productive the ceo become

For this MVP we are focused on solopreneur who handle all their business leveraging services and virtual assistant for tasks.
The 'digital coo' goal is to multiply their productivity

The MVP is limited to digital files, content creation and distribution.
the 'digital coo' will also handle 'Master documents', in different context. These 'Master documents' should be the source to generate shorter posts to publish on X.com Facebook Linkedin Instagram. And push a script to video generatiion to create short videos for tiktok and long videos for youtube.

Before generating any code, ask me all the questions needed to be sure at 100% of what is the exact scope of what we are building.
Only generate code after validation.